README.md, before:

This program processes documents in a specified location, stores them in an Cloudera Semantic Search(CSS) with vector embeddings, and enables users to query the data with a pre-trained language model, using CSS for search and retrieval and Azure OpenAI for generating responses based on the retrieved context. Embedding is generated with in CSS using Neural search pipeline feature


## Requirements
- **Python 3.8+**
- **Cloudera Semantic Search  server with endpoints 
- **Azure OpenAI** credentials for query processing with the LLM

## Environment Variables
Set the following environment variables in your shell or `.env` file before running the program.

- **OpenSearch Connection**  
  - `CSS_HOST`: Host address of the Cloudera Semantic Search server (default: `localhost`)
  - `CSS_PORT`: Port of the OpenSearch server (default: `9200`)
  - `CSS_USER`: Username for OpenSearch authentication
  - `CSS_PASSWORD`: Password for OpenSearch authentication
  - `DATA_FILE_PATH`: PDF files to load (default: `./data`)
  - `CSS_OPENAI_KEY`: Azure OpenAI key 
  - `CSS_OPENAI_VERSION` : OpenAI model version
  - `CSS_OPENAI_MODEL` : OpenAI model for LLM Chat
  - `CSS_OPENAI_ENDPOINT` : OpenAI model servicing Endpoint
  - `CSS_SSL`:  True if SSL is enabled for CSS connection
  

2. **Install Dependencies**:
   Install the necessary packages by running:
   ```bash
   pip3 install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Running the Program
1. **Start the OpenSearch Server**:
   Ensure your Cloudera Semantic search  server is running and accessible at the host and port specified in the environment variables.

2. **Run the Script**:
   Start the following job:
   ```css_load.py for loading the data
   ```
   This will:
   - Connect to CSS
   - Process and store PDF documents from the specified directory

   Start the following Application:
   ```search_app.py for brining up the search UO
   ```
   This will:
   - Connect to CSS
   - Start both Flask and Gradio web services for handling PDF downloads and user queries, respectively

## Usage
- **Querying the System**:
   - The Gradio UI provides an interface for users to enter a query. Upon submission, it:
     1. Converts the query into a vector and searches for similar document chunks in CSS through neural search feature of CSS.
     2. Feeds the retrieved context to Azure OpenAI to generate an answer.
     3. Displays the answer along with links to the original document chunks.

- **Retrieving PDF Files**:
   - The Flask server allows users to download PDF documents directly via links in the Gradio interface.

Commit message:

Remove Flask service to make it run on CML

README.md, after:

This program processes documents in a specified location, stores them in an Cloudera Semantic Search(CSS) with vector embeddings, and enables users to query the data with a pre-trained language model, using CSS for search and retrieval and Azure OpenAI for generating responses based on the retrieved context. Embedding is generated with in CSS using Neural search pipeline feature. This demo needs nodes having following roles
    - data
    - ingest
    - ml


## Requirements
- **Python 3.8+**
- **Cloudera Semantic Search  server with endpoints 
- **Azure OpenAI** credentials for query processing with the LLM

## Environment Variables
Set the following environment variables in your shell or `.env` file before running the program.

- **OpenSearch Connection**  
  - `CSS_HOST`: Host address of the Cloudera Semantic Search server (default: `localhost`)
  - `CSS_PORT`: Port of the OpenSearch server (default: `9200`)
  - `CSS_USER`: Username for OpenSearch authentication
  - `CSS_PASSWORD`: Password for OpenSearch authentication
  - `DATA_FILE_PATH`: PDF files to load (default: `./data`)
  - `CSS_OPENAI_KEY`: Azure OpenAI key 
  - `CSS_OPENAI_VERSION` : OpenAI model version
  - `CSS_OPENAI_MODEL` : OpenAI model for LLM Chat
  - `CSS_OPENAI_ENDPOINT` : OpenAI model servicing Endpoint
  - `CSS_SSL`:  True if SSL is enabled for CSS connection
  

2. **Install Dependencies**:
   Install the necessary packages by running:
   ```bash
   pip3 install -r session-install-deps/requirements.txt
   ```

## Running the Program
1. **Start the OpenSearch Server**:
   Ensure your Cloudera Semantic search  server is running and accessible at the host and port specified in the environment variables.

2. **Run the Script**:
   Start the following job:
   ```css_load.py for loading the data
   ```
   This will:
   - Connect to CSS
   - Process and store PDF documents from the specified directory

   Start the following Application:
   ```search_app.py for brining up the search UO
   ```
   This will:
   - Connect to CSS
   - Start both Flask and Gradio web services for handling PDF downloads and user queries, respectively

## Usage
- **Querying the System**:
   - The Gradio UI provides an interface for users to enter a query. Upon submission, it:
     1. Converts the query into a vector and searches for similar document chunks in CSS through neural search feature of CSS.
     2. Feeds the retrieved context to Azure OpenAI to generate an answer.
     3. Displays the answer along with links to the original document chunks.
